[EV-4885] Improve flow log aggregation level doc (#1488)
tigera/docs: calico-cloud/visibility/elastic/flow/aggregation.mdx

level assumes that most users do not need to see pod IP information (due to the ephemeral nature of pod IP address allocation). However, it all
depends on your deployment; we recommend reviewing aggregation levels to understand what information gets grouped (and thus suppressed from view).

### Aggregation types and levels

For allowed flows, the default aggregation level is 2, `AnyProcessInSamePodPrefix` and for denied flows the default aggregation level is 1,
`AnyProcessInSameSourcePod`.

The following table summarizes the aggregation levels by flow log traffic:

| **Level** | **Name**                            | **Description**                                                   |
|-----------|-------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 0         |                                     | No aggregation                                                    |
| 1         | AnyProcessInSameSourcePod           | Identity fields below source pod level are masked out. It means that if multiple processes or containers, within the same source pod, perform the same operation, the events are aggregated.       |

> | 2         | AnyProcessInSameSourcePodPrefix     | Identity fields below source pod-prefix level are masked out. It means that if multiple processes or containers, within pods with the same prefix, perform the same operation, the events are aggregated. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2         | AnyProcessInSameSourcePodPrefix     | In addition to the above, source pod names are aggregated based on their shared prefixes.  This means that flows, to the same destination, from pods within the same Deployment/ReplicaSet are aggregated together. |
```
"pod-prefix" is an implementation detail; I think it;d help to link back to user concepts such as ReplicaSets/Deployments

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I've added it and adapted the level 3 description accordingly.

> | 3         | AnyProcessInSamePodPrefix           | This level of aggregation builds on the previous two levels and also groups destination pod names based on their shared prefixes. |

Reviewer 2: This feels like maybe going too far in copying the RS doc.  But I see that it does broadly work, and in particular that `AnyProcessInSameSourcePod` does correspond to source port masking.  That said:

- Would something like `AnyConnectionFromSameSourcePod` be better in this context than `AnyProcessInSameSourcePod`, to put the focus more on network connections than on processes?  (Although it is correct that connections have to made by processes...)  Then Level 3 could be `AnyConnectionBetweenSamePodPrefixes`.  (Although also need to incorporate Shaun's point here about not saying "pod prefix" if possible.)

- Similarly, perhaps "make the same connection to a destination" instead of "perform the same operation"?

Reviewer 2: (I see you've addressed the point about "pod prefix" below.)

Author: I'm finding it hard replacing `pod prefix` without creating a very long name. I feel the items have to be read along with their description.

I could replace:
`AnyConnectionFromSamePodPrefix` with `AnyConnectionFromSamePodController`
`AnyConnectionBetweenSamePodPrefixes` with `AnyConnectionBetweenSamePodControllers`

but I feel we're just replacing the word, without applying the intended change. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: IMO, the words you already added to explain pod prefix suffice.  (I.e. the "In Kubernetes ..." paragraph.)  Given that you've done that, I would say it's OK to keep using `PodPrefix` here.

### Understanding aggregation level differences

Here are examples of pod-to-pod flows, highlighting the differences between flow logs at various aggregation levels.

The source port is usually ephemeral and does not convey useful information. By suppressing the source port, `AnyProcessInSameSourcePod` aggregation
type minimizes the flow logs generated for traffic coming from different containers within the same pod and going to the same destination endpoint
and port. The two flows originating from `client-a` without aggregation are combined into one. 

> In Kubernetes, ReplicaSets and StatefulSets can automatically create names for pods. For example, the pods `nginx-1` and `nginx-2` are created by the

Reviewer 2: I think it's worth mentioning Deployments and DaemonSets here too.  In particular I would guess that Deployment is the most common usage pattern.

Reviewer 2: (If you need an umbrella term for all of those, I believe it is "pod controller".)
